so the breast lift is defined surgically
by lifting the breast into a higher
position putting the nipple in the
higher position trying to recreate some
of that full look where there's a little
bit more fullness on top and having the
skin envelope a bit tighter that's
that's the breast lift although you can
get it breast lift with an implants
that's not what we're talking about
we're actually talking about the actual
operation to resect some of the loose
skin and remould the breast and put it
higher in the past and unfortunately
still today many surgeons do a breast
lift by excising skin and tightening the
skin envelope and whatever will be with
the breast tissue underneath we'll be
meaning that the skin is the vehicle
that lifts the breast that's fine and
that's the way it was done but it's not
a great operation why isn't a great
operation number one the skin is not a
good vehicle for supporting the breast
first of all it stretches number one so
you're going to get bottoming out that
lift is not gonna last for too long and
secondly if all your attention is on the
skin we know that the scars are bad when
there's tension on the scars
that's why face the scars are so good
because we're meticulous about not
putting any tension on facelift scars
and that's why you can hardly see them
so why put all the tension on the breast
skin and that's why you get those bad
horrible scars the you know the vertical
one and that long horizontal rather the
way to do a good breast lift in my
opinion is to put almost no tension on
the breast skin itself rather mold the
breast pauran coma which is the tissue
inside the skin into a higher position
and let the skin follow and it will
follow just like when you do liposuction
you've got this convexity you take the
fat out the skin if it's got good
elasticity will come to and recontour
over the existing tissue and such is the
case with the breast lift if you remould
the breast tissue into a higher position
the skin will come up to follow there's
no tension on the skin the scars will be
superior and you won't get the bottoming
out and not only that you could do with
the less incisions the long horizontal
should really be obsolete I mean at most
you have a short horizontal almost all
breast lifts in my opinion can be done
with
you know in minor cases just a incision
around the areola in more severe case of
around the areola and a vertical and
sometimes you know a short horizontal or
even an incision that's more curvilinear
whether it is vertical and kind of
curves into the inframammary fold but
that old fashion what we call the anchor
incision or the wise pattern where the
horizontal was almost from the midline
to the lateral chest in my opinion
should be obsolete